# cat-image-generator
Cat image generation using Generative Adversarial Networks (GAN)

### [google colab notebook link](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1Hb0W0vehom19ZYOAAmvMrFsbHcAarv3l?usp=sharing): (with more illustrated images)
https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1Hb0W0vehom19ZYOAAmvMrFsbHcAarv3l?usp=sharing


<br>
<br>

A project to train a Generative Adversarial Neural Network (GAN) to generate cat images. 
<br>
<br>
A GAN consists of two components, a Generator neural network, and a Discriminator neural network.
The Generator component is the component that is responsible to generate images. And the Discriminator component is a classifier that distinguishes whether the image is real or fake (generated by the Generator component).
<br>
<br>
During the training process, the discriminator component is trained with real and fake (generated by the Generator) images and the weights of the Discriminator neural network are optimized in such a way that it detects whether the image is real or fake. At the same time, the Generator component creates random images and the weights of the Generator neural network are optimized in such a way that the generator can fool the Discriminator component.

<br>
<br>

The cat image generator GAN neural network is trained for 600 epochs. Despite a relatively small network and a little number of training epochs, the GAN shows a relatively good performance in generating cat images.

You can see examples and illustrations in the [Google colab notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1Hb0W0vehom19ZYOAAmvMrFsbHcAarv3l?usp=sharing).
